README.md, before:

# Writing for Product Teams

Workshop for [Statewide IT Conference](https://statewideit.iu.edu/) at Indiana University

April 22, 2024

[Slides](https://basham.github.io/swit-workshop-writing/)

- Press `s` for speaker notes.
- Press arrow keys to advance slides.
- Press `?` for more options.

## Description

The words we use and how we use them in apps and websites should solve problems, not create them. Workshop participants will learn through practical exercises how to make content purposeful, concise, clear, and inclusive. Come away with strategies to integrate user experience writing principles and practices into your team's iterative process.

## Edit slides

Powered by [reveal.js](https://revealjs.com/).

See: [*How to host Reveal.js slides on GitHub pages and have a tidy repository*](https://medium.com/@martinomensio/how-to-host-reveal-js-slides-on-github-pages-and-have-a-tidy-repository-1a363944c38d)

Install dependencies ([live-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/live-server)).

```
make install
```

Start the slide presentation.

```
make start
```

Commit message:

Work on slides and resadme

README.md, after:

# Writing for Product Teams

Workshop for [Statewide IT Conference](https://statewideit.iu.edu/) at Indiana University

April 22, 2024

[Slides](https://basham.github.io/swit-workshop-writing/)

- Press `s` for speaker notes.
- Press arrow keys to advance slides.
- Press `?` for more options.

## Description

The words we use and how we use them in apps and websites should solve problems, not create them. Workshop participants will learn through practical exercises how to make content purposeful, concise, clear, and inclusive. Come away with strategies to integrate user experience writing principles and practices into your team's iterative process.

## Resources

- [*Writing Is Designing* (2020)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1933820667/)
- [*Strategic Writing for UX* (2019)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1492049395/)
- [*Conversational Design* (2018)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1937557677/)
- [Conscious Style Guide](https://consciousstyleguide.com/)
- [Butterick's Practical Typography](https://practicaltypography.com/)

## Workshop slides

- [Writing for Product Teams](https://basham.github.io/swit-workshop-writing/)
- Useful writing is purposeful (part 1)
- Activity for useful writing
- Usable writing is accessible (part 2)
- Usable writing is navigable (part 3)
- Usable writing is clear (part 4)
- Usable writing is concise (part 5)
- Activities for usable writing
- Kind writing is helpful (part 6)
- Kind writing is inclusive (part 7)
- Kind writing is conversational (part 8)
- Activity for kind writing
- Make your writing useful, usable, kind

## Edit slides

Powered by [reveal.js](https://revealjs.com/).

See: [*How to host Reveal.js slides on GitHub pages and have a tidy repository*](https://medium.com/@martinomensio/how-to-host-reveal-js-slides-on-github-pages-and-have-a-tidy-repository-1a363944c38d)

Install dependencies ([live-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/live-server)).

```
make install
```

Start the slide presentation.

```
make start
```
